### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
  - PostgreSQL is an object-relational database management system (ORDBMS) that follows the SQL standard. It allows us to interact with databases and starts a server that can connect to those our databases.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
  - **PostgreSQL** is an advanced version of SQL which provides support to different functions of SQL like foreign keys, subqueries, triggers, and different user-defined types and functions. [Source](https://www.educba.com/sql-server-vs-postgresql/). It's considered the most advanced and powerful SQL ***compliant*** and open-source objective-RDBMS.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
  - In the ***shell** enter:
  > $ psql
  >/c NAME_OF_DATABASE
  - PostgreSQL includes psql, a terminal-based program for issuing database commands.

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
  - The main difference between 'HAVING' and 'WHERE' comes when used together with the *GROUP BY* clause. 'HAVING' is used to exclude records AFTER grouping, whereas, 'WHERE' is used to filter rows BEFORE grouping.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
  - The major difference between inner and outer joins is that **INNER** joins result in the ***intersection*** of two tables whereas **OUTER** joins result in the ***union*** of two tables, in other words for 'OUTER' join, can join rows in one table with no match in another table.

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
  - The key difference is that in a *LEFT OUTER* join, it's the table in the *FROM* clause whose all rows are returned. Whereas, in a *RIGHT OUTER* join, we are returning all rows from the table specified in the join clause.

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
  - **ORM** stands for Object-relational mapping. It's a programming technique for converting data between incompatible type systems using object-oriented programming languages. In other words, it is a code library that automates the transfer of data stored in relational database tables into objects that are more commonly used in application code, making it so we interact with our database using our lanaguage of choice instead of SQL.
  - An example of this is SQLAlchemy used to write Python code that executes in a PostgreSQL database.


- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
  - A client (browser) sends an **HTTP request** to the server, then the server returns a reponse to the client. The aim of the request is to access a resource on the server, whereas with using **AJAX**, the request is an HTTP request made by JavaScript that uses XML to encode the request data and/or response data. The request initiated by the browser does not directly result in a page transition. In other words, AJAX is a way of using HTTP where the never changing parts of a website are separated from the changing data.


- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
  - **CSRF** stands for Cross-Site Request Forgery. A CSRF token is a unique, secret, unpredictable value that is generated by the server-side application and transmitted to the client in such a way that it is included in a subsequent HTTP request made by the client.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
  - This is a template argument that generates a hidden field that includes a token that is used to protect forms against CSRF attacks.
